ASSIGNMENT.md, before:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? What is one change that would have made it easier?
> Answer goes here!


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
> Answer goes here!

Commit message:

created examples and completed assignment.md

ASSIGNMENT.md, after:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? What is one change that would have made it easier?
> Reading the readme file was a good way to get started, although it still left me a little bit confused. Where I gained the most understanding of how to use the
module was by examining the examples. By seeing exactly how to use the different functions, I gained a deeper understanding of how everything worked together and with
that I was able to construct a couple of examples of my own.


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
> To put it simply, to me, raising abstraction is to generalize it. Comments should not be to specific in saying what the function does. Being too specific
can actually take away from a comments effectiveness. Being general allows the user to interpret the function more generally and therefore they can use
the function in more flexible ways.


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
> 8 hours


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
> Some questions people asked on Slack helped me. I used the JSdoc resource. 


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
> JSdoc really tripped me up. I never used it before and there wasn't much information provided on how to use it.
